input/pagecontent/general-guidance.md, before:

### Structure of the Australian Patient Summary (AU PS)
AU PS is specified in this guide as a HL7 FHIR document (a Bundle including a Composition), composed by a set of potentially reusable "minimal" data blocks (the AU PS profiles).

Based on IPS and AU Core, it defines a patient summary in the context of providing information to downstream providers. While profiled sections of the may have content that reflects intentions or orders of clinical care, the patient summary is meant as an informative document and is not intended to be directly actionable. For example, a MedicationRequest resource in the medications section or a CarePlan resource in the Plan of Care section, should not fulfilled or actioned from the IPS document.

The AU PS Document shares the same structure as an IPS, shown below.

 <div> 
    <img src="IPS_composition.png" alt="The IPS composition" style="width:60%"/>
  </div>
*Figure 1: The IPS composition (source: [IPS 2.0.0](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/Structure-of-the-International-Patient-Summary.html#structure-of-the-international-patient-summary))*
<br/>

In the AU PS document:
* Required (Mandatory) sections are Problems, Allergies and Intolerances, and Medication Summary
* Recommended sections are Immunizations, Results (Diagnostics), History of Procedures, and Medical Devices
* Optional sections are Advance Directives, Functional Status, History of Pregnancy, Plan of Care, Alerts, History of Past Problems, Patient Story, Social History, and Vital Signs
* Undefined sections are "additional" sections not defined by the AU PS Composition

See the description of each defined section in IPS [Sections description](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/Structure-of-the-International-Patient-Summary.html#sections-description).

### Profiling Approach
AU PS profiles will by design:
* ensure resource compliance with AU Core and IPS
* support additional requirements agreed as necessary to support patient summaries in an Australian healthcare context
* support varied stakeholder needs and use of AU PS artefacts e.g. government policy, implementers, tooling developers, testers, IG authors/maintainers etc.

AU PS profiles:
* are based on the AU Core profile (where it exists) 
* have additional requirements inherited from IPS applied (as determined by the [AU PS Profile Design Principles](general-guidance.html#au-ps-profile-design-principles)) 
* have additional requirements as agreed by this project applied
* use compliesWithProfile to assert compliance with IPS

The differential view therefore shows the patient summary requirements that are additional to AU Core. In some profiles, e.g. [AU PS Organization](StructureDefinition-au-ps-organization.html), there are no requirements additional to AU Core.

<div> 
    <img src="aupspatient-profilingapproach.png" alt="AU PS Patient current profiling approach" style="width:40%"/>
  </div>
*Figure 1: Profiling approach for AU PS Patient profile*
<br/><br/>

<div class="stu-note" markdown="1">
AU PS is undertaking a series of profile walkthroughs with the community, and to support that activity some profiles do not yet have this approach applied. Instead rules from AU Core and IPS are applied via human authoring. This is to support the human-centric design discussions early in the AU PS project. Post the walkthrough of each profile, it is converted to the target approach, and any additional local requirements identified during that walkthrough are applied.
</div><!-- stu-note -->

#### AU PS Profile Design Principles

 AU PS profile design to ensure compliance with AU Core and IPS is agreed to as follows. AU PS profiles:
* **SHALL** ensure resources validate against both IPS and AU Core profiles (where both profiles exist)
   - Cardinality
   - *Must Support*
   - Fixed values and patterns
   - Data type sub-elements and profiles
   - Data type choices
   - Invariants
* Where both AU Core and IPS profiles do not exist, **SHALL** ensure resources validate against:
   * IPS profile (where only the IPS profile exists)
   * AU Core profile (where only the AU Core profile exists)
* AU PS profiles **SHALL** validate reference elements against AU PS profile where defined
* In AU PS profiles, inherited AU Core profile value sets are preferred over equivalent IPS profile value sets:
   - where an element has a required binding, the element **SHALL** apply the intersection of both value sets (AU Core and IPS)
   - where an element has a lesser binding, use the AU Core value set and binding strength (where AU Core is equivalent or stronger) or use the IPS value set where the binding strength is stronger

Adopting the approach in both IPS and AU Core, AU PS profiles are 'open' and allow for additional content undefined by the AU PS to be shared. See TBD for information on 

#### Profiling Options

When managing profile complexity and requirements in the [national and international context for AU PS](relationship.html#relationship-to-aucdi-and-other-igs), the following mechanisms are available:
1. [Derived from Profiles (derive)](https://build.fhir.org/structuredefinition-definitions.html#StructureDefinition.baseDefinition)
1. Informal alignment (humans authoring rules in a profile)
1. [Complies With Profile (compliesWith)](https://hl7.org/fhir/extensions/StructureDefinition-structuredefinition-compliesWithProfile.html)
1. [Dependent Profiles (imposeProfile)](https://hl7.org/fhir/extensions/StructureDefinition-structuredefinition-imposeProfile.html)

These mechanisms offer differing capabilities and advantages. Typically HL7 AU profiles have used derivation to manage compliance within HL7 AU inheritance. However, AU PS will comply to both HL7 AU (AU Core) and IPS and therefore additional mechanism(s) on top of derivation from the base HL7 AU profile are required. At this time additional requirements are included in profiles via informal alignment.

<div class="stu-note" markdown="1">
For a human, the main differences with use of imposeProfile are:
- does not rely on humans to maintain compliance rules from the target profile
- does not visually show human reader of the source profile any rules from the target profile, i.e. a human reader must view and understand both profiles to understand the rules
- where two or more profiles offer optional alternatives (e.g. differing preferred bindings or data type choices) does not in the profile preference one over another

Currently no AU PS profile uses imposeProfile. To support future maintenance it is under consideration that all AU PS profiles derive from AU Core, where available, and use imposeProfile to apply IPS rules. That would mean that a number of IPS-imposed requirements including cardinality, terminology, and flagging of <i>Must Support</i> would not be directly visible in the formal views within this guide. Or, if we chose to make the additional IPS constraints visible + use imposeProfile, those constraints would be repeated from a validation sense and be an additional validation burden.

Users of this implementation guide are encouraged to provide their feedback about the potential use of imposeProfile.
</div><!-- stu-note -->

### Extensibility – “additional” sections or elements
As in IPS, a producer can send:
- "additional" elements beyond those flagged with *Must Support* in a profile
- "additional" sections (often referred to as "undefined" sections) beyond those defined in the AU PS Composition

Additional sections or elements are often required by other profiles the system may conform to, allowing local requirements, including technical and workflow context for the resource, to be reflected and extending the health information supported in exchanges. For this reason, extensibility is generally encouraged and expected in AU PS profiles. Only in some exceptionally rare use case profiles are rules tightened to limit the nature of additional information that can be sent. 

#### Extensibility – “additional” sections
Implementers should take note, the rules of the `Composition.section:All Slices` defined in the AU PS Composition profile apply to all sections, defined or undefined:
- `Composition.section.title` is mandatory and has obligations defined for AU PS Producers and AU PS Consumers
- `Composition.section.text` is mandatory and has obligations defined for AU PS Producers and AU PS Consumers

It is recommended that where a producing system intends to populate "additional" sections there is some definition available in a specification describing the intended contents and use of any additional sections. 

#### Extensibility – “additional” elements
Specification authors adopting AU PS are encouraged to enable greater interoperability and software re-use by avoiding reductions in an element's cardinality.

Depending on local requirements, a consumer (i.e. client application) may ignore these "additional" elements, may treat the data as for rendering only, or be capable of recognising and using the element. 

### Structuring Terminology Choices
TBD. Write to be AU that is consistent with guidance in IPS.

### Patient Safety in IPS Context
See the guidance defined in IPS [Patient Safety in IPS Context](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/General-Principles.html#patient-safety-in-ips-context).

### Data Included in IPS Documents
See the guidance defined in IPS [Data Included in IPS Documents](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/Generation-and-Data-Inclusion.html#data-included-in-ips-documents).

TBD: Revise to be AU Link to the new page on Generating and Accessing AU PS documents with link to IPS.

### Publishing or Accessing the IPS
See the guidance defined in IPS [Narrative and Language Translation](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/Design-Conventions.html#narrative-and-language-translation). 

### Narrative and Language Translation
See the guidance defined in IPS [Narrative and Language Translation](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/Design-Conventions.html#narrative-and-language-translation). 

### Medicinal Product Identification
See the guidance defined in AU Core [Medicine Information](https://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7au/au-fhir-core/medicine-information.html). 

### Representing body site, which may include laterality
See the guidance defined in AU Core [Representing body site, which may include laterality](https://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7au/au-fhir-core/general-guidance.html#representing-body-site-which-may-include-laterality). 

### Provenance
See the guidance defined in IPS [Provenance](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/Design-Conventions.html#provenance).

Commit message:

Added reference to SNOMED CT-AU guidance in Base

input/pagecontent/general-guidance.md, after:

### Structure of the Australian Patient Summary (AU PS)
AU PS is specified in this guide as a HL7 FHIR document (a Bundle including a Composition), composed by a set of potentially reusable "minimal" data blocks (the AU PS profiles).

Based on IPS and AU Core, it defines a patient summary in the context of providing information to downstream providers. While profiled sections of the may have content that reflects intentions or orders of clinical care, the patient summary is meant as an informative document and is not intended to be directly actionable. For example, a MedicationRequest resource in the medications section or a CarePlan resource in the Plan of Care section, should not fulfilled or actioned from the IPS document.

The AU PS Document shares the same structure as an IPS, shown below.

 <div> 
    <img src="IPS_composition.png" alt="The IPS composition" style="width:60%"/>
  </div>
*Figure 1: The IPS composition (source: [IPS 2.0.0](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/Structure-of-the-International-Patient-Summary.html#structure-of-the-international-patient-summary))*
<br/>

In the AU PS document:
* Required (Mandatory) sections are Problems, Allergies and Intolerances, and Medication Summary
* Recommended sections are Immunizations, Results (Diagnostics), History of Procedures, and Medical Devices
* Optional sections are Advance Directives, Functional Status, History of Pregnancy, Plan of Care, Alerts, History of Past Problems, Patient Story, Social History, and Vital Signs
* Undefined sections are "additional" sections not defined by the AU PS Composition

See the description of each defined section in IPS [Sections description](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/Structure-of-the-International-Patient-Summary.html#sections-description).

### Profiling Approach
AU PS profiles will by design:
* ensure resource compliance with AU Core and IPS
* support additional requirements agreed as necessary to support patient summaries in an Australian healthcare context
* support varied stakeholder needs and use of AU PS artefacts e.g. government policy, implementers, tooling developers, testers, IG authors/maintainers etc.

AU PS profiles:
* are based on the AU Core profile (where it exists) 
* have additional requirements inherited from IPS applied (as determined by the [AU PS Profile Design Principles](general-guidance.html#au-ps-profile-design-principles)) 
* have additional requirements as agreed by this project applied
* use compliesWithProfile to assert compliance with IPS

The differential view therefore shows the patient summary requirements that are additional to AU Core. In some profiles, e.g. [AU PS Organization](StructureDefinition-au-ps-organization.html), there are no requirements additional to AU Core.

<div> 
    <img src="aupspatient-profilingapproach.png" alt="AU PS Patient current profiling approach" style="width:40%"/>
  </div>
*Figure 1: Profiling approach for AU PS Patient profile*
<br/><br/>

<div class="stu-note" markdown="1">
AU PS is undertaking a series of profile walkthroughs with the community, and to support that activity some profiles do not yet have this approach applied. Instead rules from AU Core and IPS are applied via human authoring. This is to support the human-centric design discussions early in the AU PS project. Post the walkthrough of each profile, it is converted to the target approach, and any additional local requirements identified during that walkthrough are applied.
</div><!-- stu-note -->

#### AU PS Profile Design Principles

 AU PS profile design to ensure compliance with AU Core and IPS is agreed to as follows. AU PS profiles:
* **SHALL** ensure resources validate against both IPS and AU Core profiles (where both profiles exist)
   - Cardinality
   - *Must Support*
   - Fixed values and patterns
   - Data type sub-elements and profiles
   - Data type choices
   - Invariants
* Where both AU Core and IPS profiles do not exist, **SHALL** ensure resources validate against:
   * IPS profile (where only the IPS profile exists)
   * AU Core profile (where only the AU Core profile exists)
* AU PS profiles **SHALL** validate reference elements against AU PS profile where defined
* In AU PS profiles, inherited AU Core profile value sets are preferred over equivalent IPS profile value sets:
   - where an element has a required binding, the element **SHALL** apply the intersection of both value sets (AU Core and IPS)
   - where an element has a lesser binding, use the AU Core value set and binding strength (where AU Core is equivalent or stronger) or use the IPS value set where the binding strength is stronger

Adopting the approach in both IPS and AU Core, AU PS profiles are 'open' and allow for additional content undefined by the AU PS to be shared. See TBD for information on 

#### Profiling Options

When managing profile complexity and requirements in the [national and international context for AU PS](relationship.html#relationship-to-aucdi-and-other-igs), the following mechanisms are available:
1. [Derived from Profiles (derive)](https://build.fhir.org/structuredefinition-definitions.html#StructureDefinition.baseDefinition)
1. Informal alignment (humans authoring rules in a profile)
1. [Complies With Profile (compliesWith)](https://hl7.org/fhir/extensions/StructureDefinition-structuredefinition-compliesWithProfile.html)
1. [Dependent Profiles (imposeProfile)](https://hl7.org/fhir/extensions/StructureDefinition-structuredefinition-imposeProfile.html)

These mechanisms offer differing capabilities and advantages. Typically HL7 AU profiles have used derivation to manage compliance within HL7 AU inheritance. However, AU PS will comply to both HL7 AU (AU Core) and IPS and therefore additional mechanism(s) on top of derivation from the base HL7 AU profile are required. At this time additional requirements are included in profiles via informal alignment.

<div class="stu-note" markdown="1">
For a human, the main differences with use of imposeProfile are:
- does not rely on humans to maintain compliance rules from the target profile
- does not visually show human reader of the source profile any rules from the target profile, i.e. a human reader must view and understand both profiles to understand the rules
- where two or more profiles offer optional alternatives (e.g. differing preferred bindings or data type choices) does not in the profile preference one over another

Currently no AU PS profile uses imposeProfile. To support future maintenance it is under consideration that all AU PS profiles derive from AU Core, where available, and use imposeProfile to apply IPS rules. That would mean that a number of IPS-imposed requirements including cardinality, terminology, and flagging of <i>Must Support</i> would not be directly visible in the formal views within this guide. Or, if we chose to make the additional IPS constraints visible + use imposeProfile, those constraints would be repeated from a validation sense and be an additional validation burden.

Users of this implementation guide are encouraged to provide their feedback about the potential use of imposeProfile.
</div><!-- stu-note -->

### Extensibility – “additional” sections or elements
As in IPS, a producer can send:
- "additional" elements beyond those flagged with *Must Support* in a profile
- "additional" sections (often referred to as "undefined" sections) beyond those defined in the AU PS Composition

Additional sections or elements are often required by other profiles the system may conform to, allowing local requirements, including technical and workflow context for the resource, to be reflected and extending the health information supported in exchanges. For this reason, extensibility is generally encouraged and expected in AU PS profiles. Only in some exceptionally rare use case profiles are rules tightened to limit the nature of additional information that can be sent. 

#### Extensibility – “additional” sections
Implementers should take note, the rules of the `Composition.section:All Slices` defined in the AU PS Composition profile apply to all sections, defined or undefined:
- `Composition.section.title` is mandatory and has obligations defined for AU PS Producers and AU PS Consumers
- `Composition.section.text` is mandatory and has obligations defined for AU PS Producers and AU PS Consumers

It is recommended that where a producing system intends to populate "additional" sections there is some definition available in a specification describing the intended contents and use of any additional sections. 

#### Extensibility – “additional” elements
Specification authors adopting AU PS are encouraged to enable greater interoperability and software re-use by avoiding reductions in an element's cardinality.

Depending on local requirements, a consumer (i.e. client application) may ignore these "additional" elements, may treat the data as for rendering only, or be capable of recognising and using the element. 

### Structuring Terminology Choices
TBD. Write to be AU that is consistent with guidance in IPS.

### SNOMED CT Australian Edition
See the guidance defined in AU Base [SNOMED CT Australian Edition](generalguidance.html#snomed-ct-australian-edition).

### Patient Safety in IPS Context
See the guidance defined in IPS [Patient Safety in IPS Context](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/General-Principles.html#patient-safety-in-ips-context).

### Data Included in IPS Documents
See the guidance defined in IPS [Data Included in IPS Documents](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/Generation-and-Data-Inclusion.html#data-included-in-ips-documents).

TBD: Revise to be AU Link to the new page on Generating and Accessing AU PS documents with link to IPS.

### Publishing or Accessing the IPS
See the guidance defined in IPS [Narrative and Language Translation](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/Design-Conventions.html#narrative-and-language-translation). 

### Narrative and Language Translation
See the guidance defined in IPS [Narrative and Language Translation](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/Design-Conventions.html#narrative-and-language-translation). 

### Medicinal Product Identification
See the guidance defined in AU Core [Medicine Information](https://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7au/au-fhir-core/medicine-information.html). 

### Representing body site, which may include laterality
See the guidance defined in AU Core [Representing body site, which may include laterality](https://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7au/au-fhir-core/general-guidance.html#representing-body-site-which-may-include-laterality). 

### Provenance
See the guidance defined in IPS [Provenance](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/Design-Conventions.html#provenance).
