input/pagecontent/index.md, before:

### Introduction
AU Patient Summary is provided to support the use of patient summaries in HL7® FHIR®© in an Australian context. It complies with the requirements defined in [IPS](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/) and [AU Core](https://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7au/au-fhir-core), and sets the minimum expectations on FHIR resources to support conformance and implementation in systems.

A Patient Summary is:
* a health record extract comprising a core set of digital health and administrative data elements that provide a snapshot in time of a subject of care’s health information and healthcare.
* designed for supporting use case scenarios including planned and unplanned care, continuity of care and transition of care.

AU Patient Summary will:
* be compliant with AU Core and IPS, localised to meet Australian requirements and aligned to the IPS specification.
* be easy to implement and support patient summary use case specialisation for clinical workflows without requiring redevelopment.

### Project background

This implementation guide is under development through the [AU Patient Summary FHIR IG project](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/HAFWG/AU+Patient+Summary+FHIR+IG+Project) as part of the [Sparked AU FHIR Accelerator](https://sparked.csiro.au). 

The Sparked AU FHIR Accelerator is a community comprising government, technology vendors, provider organisations, peak bodies, practitioners, and domain experts, to accelerate the creation and use of national FHIR standards in health care information exchange.

#### What is a patient summary?
A patient summary is a standardised collection of patient information. Rather than an entire patient health record, it is the necessary minimum and sufficient data to ensure safe patient care. Patient summaries can enhance patient safety by ensuring critical information is readily accessible when it’s needed most and enables clinicians across different health sectors and health domains to provide more informed, consistent care.

The AU Patient Summary will support the consumer on their healthcare journey, providing the consumer and their healthcare providers with timely and current access to relevant health information. It will provide a future pathway for individuals to share their healthcare information when travelling internationally. 

#### International Patient Summary
The International Patient Summary is a globally recognised patient summary standard. In 2021, the G7 nations committed to working towards the adoption of the International Patient Summary (IPS) with several international efforts being currently underway to drive adoption, including the European Union, USA, Canada and New Zealand. Multinational vendors with presence in Australia are at various stages of implementation of the IPS.

#### AU Patient Summary Development Context
 <div> 
   <img src="AUPSTeamsContextb.png" alt="AU Patient Summary Development Context" style="width:75%"/>
  </div>
*Figure 1: AU Patient Summary Development Context*
<br/>

The Sparked Clinical Design Group has begun identifying a set of core data groups and elements considered important for a minimal patient summary for inclusion in the AUCDI through an iterative process. 

Additionally, a Patient Summary Clinical Focus Group (CFG), a sub-group of the Clinical Design Group, will develop the clinical scenarios and clinical workflow processes to support the development of the AUCDI and AU PS IG. 

Supported by the PS CFG, the AU PS Project Team will develop a set of technical use cases and define the rules about how FHIR resources are used to deliver Australia Patient Summaries, with associated documentation to support and clarify usage. Success of this project will depend on active participation from members of the community who are looking to implement a patient summary capability in FHIR, whether you have already expressed your interest or are new to considering the AU Patient Summary project please complete this [Registration form](https://sparked.csiro.au/index.php/get-involved-with-sparked/registration-form/) or email Sparked@csiro.au to actively contribute to the development of the AU Patient Summary FHIR IG.


### Dependencies
{% include dependency-table.xhtml %}

### How to read this guide

This guide is divided into several pages which are listed at the top of each page in the menu bar.

- [Home](index.html): This page provides the introduction and scope for this guide.
- [Conformance](conformance.html): These pages describe the set of rules to claim conformance to this guide including the expectations for *Must Support*  elements in AU PS profiles.
  - [General Requirements](general-requirements.html): This page defines requirements common to profiles used in this guide including the expectations for mandatory and *Must Support*  elements in AU PS profiles.
  - [Declaring Conformance](declaring-conformance.html): This page describes how to declare conformance to AU PS.
- [Guidance](guidance.html): These pages list the guidance for this guide.
  - [General Guidance](general-guidance.html): This page provides guidance on using the profiles defined in this guide. 
  - [Sex and Gender](sex-and-gender.html): This page provides guidance on the representation of sex, gender, and related concepts.
  - [AU Core Data for Interoperability](aucdi.html): This page maps AUCDI data groups and elements to FHIR artefacts in AU Patient Summary.
  - [Relationship with other IGs](relationship.html): This page provides guidance on the relationship between AU Patient Summary, AUCDI, and other implementation guides.
  - [AU Variance Statement](variance.html): This page documents the variance from AU Base and AU Core.
  - [Comparison with other national and international IGs](comparison.html): This page provides comparison between AU Patient Summary profiles and other national and international implementation guides.
  - [Future of AU Patient Summary](future.html): This page outlines the approach to developing AU Patient Summary.
- Use Cases: These pages document a set of example use cases that assist in understanding how to implement AU Patient Summary.
   - [Interstate GP Visit](uc-interstate.html): This page documents the Interstate GP Visit - Patient Driven Patient Summary example use case.
   - [Referral Specialist and Allied Health](uc-referral.html): This page documents the Referral to Specialist and Allied Health - Clinician Driven Patient Summary (as Supplemental Information) example use case.
- [Security and Privacy](security.html): This page documents the AU Patient Summary general security and privacy requirements and recommendations.
- [FHIR Artefacts](artefacts.html): These pages provide detailed descriptions and formal definitions for all the FHIR artefacts defined in this guide.
  - [Artefacts Summary](artifacts.html): This page lists the FHIR artefacts defined in this guide.
  - [Profiles and Extensions](profiles-and-extensions.html): This page describes the profiles and extensions that are defined in this guide to exchange data. Each profile page includes a narrative description and guidance, and formal definition. Guidance typically focuses on the profiled elements but can include guidance on un-profiled elements to aid with implementation.
  - [Terminology](terminology.html): This page lists the value sets and code systems supported in this guide.
- [Examples](examples.html): This page lists all the examples used in this guide.
- [Support](downloads.html): These pages provide supporting material for implementation of AU Patient Summary.
  - [Downloads](downloads.html): This page provides links to downloadable artefacts.
  - [License and Legal](license.html): This page outlines the license and legal requirements for material in AU Patient Summary.

### Collaboration
This guide is the product of collaborative work undertaken with participants from:

* [HL7 Australia AU Core Technical Design Group](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/HAFWG/HL7+Australia+-+AU+Core+Technical+Design+Group+Home)
* [HL7 Australia FHIR Working Group](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/HAFWG/HL7+Australia+FHIR+Work+Group+Home)
* Australian FHIR Implementers Community

Primary Editors: Brett Esler, Danielle Tavares-Rixon, Dusica Bojicic.

Commit message:

Adding in some informative page updates to reference actors

input/pagecontent/index.md, after:

### Introduction
AU Patient Summary is provided to support the use of patient summaries in HL7® FHIR®© in an Australian context. It complies with the requirements defined in [IPS](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-ips/) and [AU Core](https://build.fhir.org/ig/hl7au/au-fhir-core), and sets the minimum expectations on FHIR resources to support conformance and implementation in systems.

A Patient Summary is:
* a health record extract comprising a core set of digital health and administrative data elements that provide a snapshot in time of a subject of care’s health information and healthcare.
* designed for supporting use case scenarios including planned and unplanned care, continuity of care and transition of care.

AU Patient Summary will:
* be compliant with AU Core and IPS, localised to meet Australian requirements and aligned to the IPS specification.
* be easy to implement and support patient summary use case specialisation for clinical workflows without requiring redevelopment.

### Project background

This implementation guide is under development through the [AU Patient Summary FHIR IG project](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/HAFWG/AU+Patient+Summary+FHIR+IG+Project) as part of the [Sparked AU FHIR Accelerator](https://sparked.csiro.au). 

The Sparked AU FHIR Accelerator is a community comprising government, technology vendors, provider organisations, peak bodies, practitioners, and domain experts, to accelerate the creation and use of national FHIR standards in health care information exchange.

#### What is a patient summary?
A patient summary is a standardised collection of patient information. Rather than an entire patient health record, it is the necessary minimum and sufficient data to ensure safe patient care. Patient summaries can enhance patient safety by ensuring critical information is readily accessible when it’s needed most and enables clinicians across different health sectors and health domains to provide more informed, consistent care.

The AU Patient Summary will support the consumer on their healthcare journey, providing the consumer and their healthcare providers with timely and current access to relevant health information. It will provide a future pathway for individuals to share their healthcare information when travelling internationally. 

#### International Patient Summary
The International Patient Summary is a globally recognised patient summary standard. In 2021, the G7 nations committed to working towards the adoption of the International Patient Summary (IPS) with several international efforts being currently underway to drive adoption, including the European Union, USA, Canada and New Zealand. Multinational vendors with presence in Australia are at various stages of implementation of the IPS.

#### AU Patient Summary Development Context
 <div> 
   <img src="AUPSTeamsContextb.png" alt="AU Patient Summary Development Context" style="width:75%"/>
  </div>
*Figure 1: AU Patient Summary Development Context*
<br/>

The Sparked Clinical Design Group has begun identifying a set of core data groups and elements considered important for a minimal patient summary for inclusion in the AUCDI through an iterative process. 

Additionally, a Patient Summary Clinical Focus Group (CFG), a sub-group of the Clinical Design Group, will develop the clinical scenarios and clinical workflow processes to support the development of the AUCDI and AU PS IG. 

Supported by the PS CFG, the AU PS Project Team will develop a set of technical use cases and define the rules about how FHIR resources are used to deliver Australia Patient Summaries, with associated documentation to support and clarify usage. Success of this project will depend on active participation from members of the community who are looking to implement a patient summary capability in FHIR, whether you have already expressed your interest or are new to considering the AU Patient Summary project please complete this [Registration form](https://sparked.csiro.au/index.php/get-involved-with-sparked/registration-form/) or email Sparked@csiro.au to actively contribute to the development of the AU Patient Summary FHIR IG.


### Dependencies
{% include dependency-table.xhtml %}

### How to read this guide

This guide is divided into several pages which are listed at the top of each page in the menu bar.

- [Home](index.html): This page provides the introduction and scope for this guide.
- [Conformance](conformance.html): These pages describe the set of rules to claim conformance to this guide including the expectations for *Must Support*  elements in AU PS profiles.
  - [General Requirements](general-requirements.html): This page defines requirements common to profiles used in this guide including the expectations for mandatory and *Must Support*  elements in AU PS profiles.
  - [Declaring Conformance](declaring-conformance.html): This page describes how to declare conformance to AU PS.
- [Guidance](guidance.html): These pages list the guidance for this guide.
  - [General Guidance](general-guidance.html): This page provides guidance on using the profiles defined in this guide. 
  - [Sex and Gender](sex-and-gender.html): This page provides guidance on the representation of sex, gender, and related concepts.
  - [AU Core Data for Interoperability](aucdi.html): This page maps AUCDI data groups and elements to FHIR artefacts in AU Patient Summary.
  - [Relationship with other IGs](relationship.html): This page provides guidance on the relationship between AU Patient Summary, AUCDI, and other implementation guides.
  - [AU Variance Statement](variance.html): This page documents the variance from AU Base and AU Core.
  - [Comparison with other national and international IGs](comparison.html): This page provides comparison between AU Patient Summary profiles and other national and international implementation guides.
  - [Future of AU Patient Summary](future.html): This page outlines the approach to developing AU Patient Summary.
- Use Cases: These pages document a set of example use cases that assist in understanding how to implement AU Patient Summary.
   - [Interstate GP Visit](uc-interstate.html): This page documents the Interstate GP Visit - Patient Driven Patient Summary example use case.
   - [Referral Specialist and Allied Health](uc-referral.html): This page documents the Referral to Specialist and Allied Health - Clinician Driven Patient Summary (as Supplemental Information) example use case.
- [Security and Privacy](security.html): This page documents the AU Patient Summary general security and privacy requirements and recommendations.
- [FHIR Artefacts](artefacts.html): These pages provide detailed descriptions and formal definitions for all the FHIR artefacts defined in this guide.
  - [Artefacts Summary](artifacts.html): This page lists the FHIR artefacts defined in this guide.
  - [Profiles and Extensions](profiles-and-extensions.html): This page describes the profiles and extensions that are defined in this guide to exchange data. Each profile page includes a narrative description and guidance, and formal definition. Guidance typically focuses on the profiled elements but can include guidance on un-profiled elements to aid with implementation.
  - [Terminology](terminology.html): This page lists the value sets and code systems supported in this guide.
  - [Actor Definitions](actors.html): This page defines the AU PS actors, AU PS Consumer and AU PS Producer.
- [Examples](examples.html): This page lists all the examples used in this guide.
- [Support](downloads.html): These pages provide supporting material for implementation of AU Patient Summary.
  - [Downloads](downloads.html): This page provides links to downloadable artefacts.
  - [License and Legal](license.html): This page outlines the license and legal requirements for material in AU Patient Summary.

### Collaboration
This guide is the product of collaborative work undertaken with participants from:

* [HL7 Australia AU Core Technical Design Group](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/HAFWG/HL7+Australia+-+AU+Core+Technical+Design+Group+Home)
* [HL7 Australia FHIR Working Group](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/HAFWG/HL7+Australia+FHIR+Work+Group+Home)
* Australian FHIR Implementers Community

Primary Editors: Brett Esler, Danielle Tavares-Rixon, Dusica Bojicic.
